🐛 Update outdated tutorial sections and re-order them (#434)
kids-first/kf-lib-data-ingest: docs/source/tutorial/package_testing.rst

    2019-05-01 13:08:40,563 - DataIngestPipeline - INFO - ❌ Count Analysis Failed!
    See /path/to/my_study/logs/counts_for_ingest.log for details

> Inside of that ``counts_for_ingest.log`` file, you should something that look

Reviewer: I should what? Also looks.

Author: Oops, `you should see something that looks like this`

> Inside of that ``counts_for_ingest.log`` file, you should something that look

Author: ```suggestion
Inside of that ``counts_for_ingest.log`` file, you should see something that looks
```

like::

    ❌ Column names not equal between ExtractStage and TransformStage

    +--------------------------+---------------------+
    | In ExtractStage          | In TransformStage   |
    |--------------------------+---------------------|
    | PARTICIPANT|MOTHER_ID    |                     |
    | PARTICIPANT|FATHER_ID    |                     |
    | PHENOTYPE|EVENT_AGE_DAYS |                     |
    | PHENOTYPE|NAME           |                     |
    | PHENOTYPE|OBSERVED       |                     |
    +--------------------------+---------------------+

> It looks like the tests are failing because the columns in the extract stage

Author: ```suggestion
It looks like the tests are failing because the columns in the ExtractStage's
```

> output DataFrames are different than the TransformStage's output DataFrames.

Reviewer: inconsistency between "extract stage" non-possessive, lowercase, two words and "TransformStage's" possessive, camel case, one word

This usually means you've extracted unncessary columns that are not used in the
transform module merge function OR your transform module merge function is
missing one or more extracted DataFrames that you do want to include.

In this case, the validation is failing due to the latter reason.
Try uncommenting the commented lines in ``my_study/transform_module.py``

Now test your package again:

.. code-block:: text

    $ kidsfirst test my_study

Now your log should show that ingest is passing validation::

    2019-04-16 10:14:58,519 - kf_lib_data_ingest.app.cli - INFO - ✅  Ingest pipeline passed validation!

In the :ref:`Tutorial-Transform-Stage`, you'll learn more about the what the
lines of code you just uncommented are doing.

> The ``test`` CLI Commands

Reviewer: why pluralize this?

Author: lol idk, probably a typo

> The ``test`` CLI Commands

Author: ```suggestion
The ``test`` CLI Command
```

    +----------------+------------+---------+---------+
    | key            |   expected |   found | equal   |
    |----------------+------------+---------+---------|

>     | FAMILY|ID      |          3 |       3 | ✅      |

Author: Ok, hopefully fixed now

>     | FAMILY|ID      |          3 |       3 | ✅      |

Reviewer 2: Seems like I still get the same error. I fixed my local copy of the repo and created a new `my_study`, followed the tutorial and ended up with this in the log:

```
❌ Counts are not all as expected.

EXPECTED COUNT CHECKS:
+----------------+------------+---------+---------+
| Key            |   Expected |   Found | Equal   |
|----------------+------------+---------+---------|
| FAMILY|ID      |          2 |       2 | ✅      |
| PARTICIPANT|ID |          5 |       9 | ❌      |
| BIOSPECIMEN|ID |         10 |      16 | ❌      |
+----------------+------------+---------+---------+
```

>     | FAMILY|ID      |          3 |       3 | ✅      |

Author: Resolving this comment since we figured out the issue had to do with the venv

    ingestion.

For brevity and demonstration purposes, append the following line to
your ``clinical.tsv`` file:

.. code-block:: text

    f1	PID010	SP010	dna	flu	Female

Now re-run:

.. code-block:: text

    $ kidsfirst test my_study

You will probably see something like this:

.. code-block:: text

    2019-05-01 13:08:40,563 - DataIngestPipeline - INFO - ❌ Count Analysis Failed!
    See /path/to/my_study/logs/counts_for_ingest.log for details

Our tests are failing because in almost every case the count
analysis is finding more concepts in the source data than were expected.

This is because we've added new data (a new participant and specimen)
to one of our source data files ``clinical.tsv``.

The expected counts for an ingest package are set in the
``ingest_package_config.py`` file. Let's update the counts to account for
the new data:

.. code-block:: py

    expected_counts = {
        CONCEPT.FAMILY: 2,
        CONCEPT.PARTICIPANT: 10,
        CONCEPT.BIOSPECIMEN: 17
    }

Now re-run the test command. The log should show that ingest passed
validation::

    2019-04-16 10:14:58,519 - kf_lib_data_ingest.app.cli - INFO - ✅  Ingest pipeline passed validation!

> You should also ssee your tests passing in the ``counts_for_ingest.log`` file::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also see your tests passing in the ``counts_for_ingest.log`` file::
```

``pytest`` standard.

You can see an example of a user defined test in your ingest package. This test

> validates that there are at least 2 families in the data.

Reviewer: 3? and why "at least"?
